- After their sons are sentenced to life in prison, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shirley Winters)
begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy.
The pair decides to move to California to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life.
They start a dance school that is soon very successful. One of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom Adelle quickly falls in love.
In the meantime, Helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio.
It's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder.
- I can't help but compare What's the Matter with Helen? to Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?, also starring Shelly Winters.
Where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of Auntie Roo's madness, there's nothing holding Helen back in this movie.
It may take a good deal of the movie's running time, but once she snaps, Helen is one Bad Mad Mutha. You don't want to mess with her.
Winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance.
I'm not going to spoil the movie, but the things Helen is capable of are totally over-the-top.
- As good as Winters is, Reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer.
I got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award. This ain't Citizen Kane! Quit acting so serious.
Hey, Debbie, don't you realize that you're main purpose is to be a victim of Winters' insanity.
- I just love these former-female-stars-in-the-twilight-of-their-career horror movies. What's the Matter with Helen? is as fun as any.
I love playing football and I thought this movie was great because it contained a lot of football in it. This was a good Hollywood/bollywood film and I am glad it won 17 awards.
Parminder Nagra and Kiera Knightley were good and so was Archie Punjabi. Jonathon Rheyes Meyers was great at playing the coach.
Jazz (Parminder Nagra) loves playing football but her parents want her to learn how to cook an want her to get married.
When Jazz starts playing for a football team secretly she meets Juliet (Kiera Knightlety) and Joe (Jonathon Rhyes Meyers) who is her coach.
When her parents find out trouble strikes but her dad lets her play the big match on her sisters Pinky (Archie Punjabi's) wedding.
At the end her parents realise how much she loves football and let her go abroad to play.
This Showtime cable film features a talented cast and weaves together several storylines involving the darker side of New York...
from the naive and innocent tourists' nightmarish adventure to a pair of undercover cops on the streets...
to an old friend's betrayal, it has it all.Well worth a look, as is its sequel.
This is a film i decided to go and see because I'm a huge fan of adult animation. I quite often find that when a film doesn't evolve around a
famous actor or actress but rather a story or style, it allows the film to be viewed as a piece of art rather than a showcase of the actors ability to
differ his styles.This film is certainly more about style than story. While i found the story interesting (a thriller that borrows story and
atmosphere from films such as Blade Runner and many anime films), it was a bit hard to follow at times, and didn't feel like it all came together as well as it could have.
It definitely had a mixed sense of French Animation and Japanese Anime coming together. Whether thats a good thing or not is up to the viewer.
Visually this film is a treat for the eyes, and in that sense a work of art.If you like adult animation, or would like to see a film that is
different from most films out at the moment. I would recommend it. All i can say is that i enjoyed the experience of the film but did come away
slightly disappointed because it could have been better.
waste of this nasty little film is one to avoid, its like a cheap badly plotted cross between saw and a few other recent films about kidnap,
why the writer wrote this is obvious..he has no soul and did it to try and me some money. The twists were obvious, when those in peril could escape
they did the obvious and didn't etc.. only good thing about it is I've discovered 1 new actress worth watching..peyton list, don't watch shuttle though,
there are too many better nicer films to watch rather than this that will make you miserable and think less of the world. Spend your time more wisely watch good films,
do some exercise, cook a nice meal..anything but waste your time on rubbish like this
Stuck in a hotel in Kuwait, I happily switched to the channel showing this at the very beginning. First Pachelbel's Canon brought a lump to my throat,
then the sight of a Tiger Moth (which my grandfather, my father and I have all flown) produced a slight dampness around the eyes and then Crowe's name hooked me completely.
I was entranced by this film, Crowe's performance (again), the subject matter (and yes, what a debt we owe), how various matters were addressed and dealt with,
the flying sequences (my father flew Avro Ansons, too), the story - and, as another contributor pointed out, Crowe's recitation of High Flight.
I won't spoil the film for anyone, but, separated from my wife by 4,000-odd miles, as an ex-army officer who was deployed in a couple of wars and as private pilot,
I admit to crying heartily a couple of times. Buy it, rent it, download it, beg, borrow or steal it - but watch it.PS Did I spy a Bristol Blenheim (in yellow training colours)on the ground?
Looked like a twin-engine aircraft with a twin-.303 Brownings in a dorsal turret.